---
published: true
layout: post
subtitle: xunzhang
author: ZX
header-img: img/post-bg-debug.png
catalog: true
tags:
  - 个人简历
  - 工作经历
---


# BIO xun ZHANG
Dr. Xun Zhang, who obtained a B.E. degree from Wuhan university of technology,  an M.E. degree from Université Marrie Pierre Curie in 2005, and PhD from Nancy university in 2009.  He obtained a Post-Doc fellowship of Motorola Foundation in IETR/SCEE at Supélec in 2010.  He is currently employed as an associate professor in MINARC team of the laboratory  at the Institut Supérieur d’Electronique de Paris (ISEP). His research activities involve algorithm implementation optimization for Visible Light Communication (VLC) and Feedback Systems Control for sleep apnea. He initiated and was strongly involved in a successful project on VLC with Tsinghua University . The project was granted 4 years funding from both China and France (from 2012 to 2015). During this project, he organized a workshop on the VLC in September 2015 and Special Session in ISCAS 2016. Recently, He is the main partner in Horizon 2020 project IoRL ([5g-ppp.eu/IorL](5P-ppp.eu/Iorl)).  

 1. International project list

### 2013-2015: Sino-France international projet: Visible light communication system in Hospital

Sino-France Innovation Funding project on “ Visible light communication system for hospital environment” ($5,000). This project aims to provide the adaptive network interface design for the indoor positioning systems


### 2017-2020: H2020 european project: IoRL
The IoRL project is to provide a broadband radio-light communications solution that operates in unlicensed millimeter wave and visible light spectra, does not suffer from interference because of the propagation characteristics of EM waves in this part of the spectrum and provides universal broadband coverage within buildings from radio-light accessHello points that are pervasively located within the light roses in buildings. This technology can be the network solution for the smart infrastructure and large scale sensor network applied to other indoor environments such as Tube Stations, Underground Pedestrian tunnels etc.

### 2017-2018: RoBo: orange funding; collaborate with Frédric AMIEL

### Stanford university
member de MINARC: Xun ZHANG & Fredric AMIEL
1. RoBo projet
2. Network low latency determination system

### University of 8 May 1945 Guelma
From 2014, We collaborate with university of 8 May 1945 Guelma. Professor Babouri has passed serval times in ISEP. 
### Tshinghua university in China
 From 2012, we collaborate with Tsinghua university in China. Two research projets in common. 

#2. PhD student
 2013-2016: Chen CHEN
 2016-2019: Chuanxi HUANG
 2015-2018: Co-tutor PhD program with University of 8 May 1945 Guelma 
 2017-2020: Software Defined Lighting system design
 
#3. undergraduate student projet

#4. research event:
2015: Visible Light Communication Workshop
2016: VLC implementation Special session on IEEE ISCAS
2020: IEEE BMSB 2020 in ISEP


